When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    When im working with someone, or change computer alot.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    I could have added a few commits with errors or expermentations in a branch. So it's better for me to decide when to pull.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you use one instead of another?

    forks are like cloning but specific with gitHub in that it clones another repository and retains it's author and other information.
    clones its any copy that i do to a repository
    branch its a new direction in the project, could be a experiment or a new function, and we leave the main branch so we can test it without impacting the program

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    We can see what changes have been made till that point, and re-structure the program accordingly

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier, and what would be harder?

    using dropbox, and it's a lot harder than using git

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When i want to get a new feature added on. But need the product to be running

Commands:

git remote  |    Show all remote locations for the repository
git remote add origin url |     Add a new remote location for the repository. Origin is the default name to use when you create only one remote location. Url should be the https url to the github repository.
git remove -v  |    Outputs the remote locations with verbose information (fetch and push urls)
git push origin master  |    Push the master branch to the remote location origin.
git pull origin master  |    Get the master branch from the remote location origin.
git pull origin master  |    = Git fetch origin + git merge master origin/master
git fetch origin  |    Get the changes from the remote location into the (hidden?) origin/master branch